hello everybody my name is bonus and
welcome back to finding fortune this is
the series where we are trying to find a
fortune only 13 using trading only and
we are going on ice if you remember
yesterday if you saw the video I might
explain what happened to the previous
episode basically I lost a whole episode
and a half worth of footage and
basically I just pulled the screen right
here as you can see you can see some of
the layers i did buy last episode ever
sessun jana marcelo i think on the list
and that is you can see the chubby Londo
as well which and ones in the essays
episode solving 20 1250 coins we've over
20 kilos a funny story behind that way
my son vrai DK went off the market came
back on the market didn't realize he was
on 20 case I'm gonna take him down and
put buckle for a little bit more but we
still made like 200 on him and that the
ever assessing jaan and Marcel I will
all sell soon and basically just yet go
watch that video they'll be a link on
screen to the previous proper episode
and the previous term and a video
explaining about the lost footage so
just go watch it open for them we are
back on course now guys and we are ready
for a new episode of Finding fortune so
we are back where we left off with the
deleted footage by accent and we pick up
this RM and novice in fornt 1 2 4 10.5 k
we're still on for about 14,000 family
points which he's going to return around
a 2000 coin prophet may be a little bit
more than that and we said every episode
nervous is a brilliant player that I
seem to get every time I think they like
the past five episodes we've got one of
them and even in 4 3 3 or 4 12 he goes
for a bomb and people just don't realize
and I can make like at least two
thousand coins on every now as we've got
which is also me definitely one of our
top players them so as of the last like
five episodes to actually trade with we
go and pick up this and that Sanchez
there was well off and we're going for
11,500 coins we can actually sell them
for about fifteen thousand coins which
will return a three now a little bit
less than a 3k profit probably like two
and a half K profit then they'll be stem
150 coins of EA tax taken from us but
they still look pretty awesome and we go
and pick up another league of movie a
player you all know is Fabio Coentrao
had a great great am at your 2012 I
really liked him in the or 24 which is
why I want to try them out this year as
I said last episode maybe not i said
they're not matter what i deleted well
at 6.8 k we see so far hey we're going
5.7 so that's around a 700 coin profit
on him as you see players are still not
something as fast Atlanta but the never
did sell for around two thousand five
million the profit which is awesome as
well I'm going to go back into the trade
pile again as you can see setting on did
sell for 4800 coins I think we got him
43.9 case about was around a six on
record profit I believe if I've got that
right in my head and but we're gonna
pick up this Berbatov here as you saw i
was just surged the search options i was
searching at 36,000 maximum price and
this one hooked up a 30k bin so i know
there was a 6,000 coin difference at
least between the next buying out and
which was simply awesome so we picked
off they selling points on by now I
think was up on the marquee for like a
minute and in 42 doing here with a good
good formation so 36,000 that coins
those 6 250 weeks on for overnight and
hopefully he will sell and what do we
like to see we'd like to see every
player selling as you can see ever saw
was sixteen thousand coins we picked him
up for fourteen thousand pound coins I
think Marcelo sold for 48 hours of every
coins I think we made about a que on him
Sanchez also 14,500 coins I think we
made 2k on him and Berbatov's over
36,000 20 50 coins returning around a 4k
profit i think maybe maybe three and a
half which is awesome we're gonna go
pick up this Nazarene next and that's
raised again a weird player for us I
said it's a lot I pick him up though I
really don't want to lose out on
nurseries it feels where these always
they're cheap but sometimes it just
makes me stable but got him for forty
one thousand pound coins in 440 not
compared to see them well we hopefully
can sign for 47,000 7 50 coins we will
see about that in the future but our
next my actually comes in the form of
Podolski we get him in for eighteen
thousand coins in a converted position
to strike in fall to 31 I sobbing guys
you know we just got a check and before
three three four one two and four votes
you got to check everything just if you
can find a converted player that's
cheaper or possibly the same price as
the usual guy it's possible that he
could be going for a bomb and we started
we're trying to sell that an m14 over
twenty thousand coins I hopefully he
will sell until the final by of this
episode and it's a Hatem Ben Arfa for
6500 coins in 42 converted to RM I
believe and he should self around seven
thousand eight hundred coins I think and
hopefully if he does sell that would be
returning around a seven on record
profit which is awesome and you can see
he does sell and i ended up so guys
thank you for watching you have enjoyed
please drop a like over 150 for an
episode tomorrow also trying to get
double
so now for you out the weekend if you no
need to subscribe for more thank you for
watching guys hope you all have a great
day